{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25340\viewh21440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 General Notes:
\b0 \
\
The main thing I have noticed with things in their current state is that I have to do a lot of manual trimming of the videos in order to get useful information. This makes sense because your original work was done on much shorter, focused, videos.\
\
However, with my current methods of data collection I think it would be nice if it would be possible to either automatically trim the video into multiple ~20-25 frame clips that are analyzed separately. Alternatively, 
\i\b if new flow points could be seeded near the cell perimeter every 10-15 frames we could get a better picture of how the flows are changing
\i0\b0  over time. Currently the seed points collapse after 25-40 frames are are no longer all that informative as we are mostly interested in what is happened near the cell-cell junctions with myosin flow vs. membrane movements.\
\
In general, it seems that the line that traces the spot tracks are wrong. When following individual spots it often connects the blue line back to the origin rather than tracing a path. For example, It starts at point A, then moves to point B (drawing a line AB), then moves to point C (keeping line AB and now drawing line AC). This isn\'92t wrong 100% of the time but I can\'92t seem identify anything consistent with when it is wrong. \
\

\b Specific Image Issues:
\b0 \
\
\ul LP410_RGB-01-Early\ulnone \
Ep segmentation doesn\'92t work well here, likely due to the dark edges that fall off in space (Many examples of this across images so I will not include more but, as expected, this is generally an issue) \
\
\
\ul LP40_RGB-02_Early\ulnone \
Dark edges in Ep\
\
Ea segmentation often gets cut down by membrane extensions from neighboring cells that move across the surface of Ea. Not sure what exactly can be done about this, maybe have a more complicated segmentation system that considers both the deepest z-slice first, and then considers the surface slice with the membrane? Or a user-input click interface could correct some of these issues if that would make things easier in the final product. \
\
\ul LP410_RGB-02_Late\ulnone \
\
Ep begins to shrink and the segmentation gets this at first but then swings and collapses the two cells together. Is there any way to allow the cell to shrink and get called as internalized? If not we can simply trim the videos more to exclude these bits as the more important information would be the myosin flows as we approach this state. }